mack's story here i will summarize the
storyline of the movie called when we
first met which was released in 2018.
enjoy watching
the movie begins with a brief meet at a
halloween party a man named noah first
meets a beautiful woman named avery even
though it was the first time met they
had talked about many things
noah invited avery to sit by the pool so
he could talk more freely and avery also
told him about himself who likes to move
around because she is the son of a
soldier
noah asked if she came alone avery
replied that she was with his friend
carrie who was kissing very casually
with the man in the doctor's gown
noah then took avery to a bar to listen
jazz music and noah played the piano
while sing a song
seeing that avery was very impressed
with noah who played the piano so
skillfully
then avery asked noah to take a photo in
a photo booth while taking a photo avery
realized that nose style was very stiff
and noah said that this was the first
time he had taken a photo in the photo
booth
long story short avery invites noah to
his house and plays together there
even to pass the time they eat cereal so
voraciously when they were about to kiss
noah was very happy but suddenly time
stopped and it turned out be a past
shadow of noah's life because what
happened in the present was avery his
ideal woman engaged to a man named
earthen
noah comes to earthen and avery's
fiance's party but is too upset noah
gets drunk at the party and ends up
throwing up in the bathroom
avery who was worried about noah finally
followed into the bathroom to see how
noah was
avery also came to help noah and she
asked his friend carrie to take noah
home
then when noah is in the car he reveals
how much love's avery and carrie shocked
and feel sorry for noah in love with
avery are you serious why noah began to
recount events three years ago how he
and avery had met and were very close
long short story noah goes down at a bar
and this is where he invites avery to
play jazz three years that then
at that time noah met his best friend
named max and he wanted to take noah
home then max took a ride
while max is hitching a ride noah sits
in the photo booth he used to share with
avery
in a drunken state he puts his money
into the photo booth hoping he can
change destiny
then a strange thing happen when this
happened noah suddenly woke up in his
bed and he immediately rushed to a shop
when he came out there was a kid wearing
a witch's outfit like in the halloween
event and noah was confused about what
was really going on he thought halloween
was over
when he arrived at the shop he saw a
newspaper and it said the date in year
2014 which he went back in time to
exactly three years ago
noah rushes to max's work and says
something is weird why is this newspaper
in 2014
when max explains noah's weirdness he
sees carrie's car and he also sees
carrie taking a halloween-themed couple
photo
without thinking noah walked up to
carrie and told her that he knew her
carrie was confused by what happened
because at this time she did not know
noah at all noah also felt that he had
traveled through time and returned to
2014 where he first met avery
this time noah really wanted to mend his
relationship with avery noah immediately
went home and ready to come to the
halloween party to meet avery has
happened in the past
noah also came with a different make-up
he appeared more fashionable and so cool
then noah arrives at the party and he
already knows what to do when he meets
avery to get acquainted but because he
already knows avery he also answered
according to what avery answered at that
time for the armed forces
how did you know i was going to say that
although he could correctly guess that
avery was the son of a soldier she was a
little confused by noah's behavior
after that noah took avery to a bar and
this time played the piano right in so
well
the song he brought was kud bilsky which
was avery's favorite song at that time
i'm basie fan yeah he's my favorite how
did you know avery surprised and amazed
by noah then noah also invited avery to
the photo booth this time he is very
good at photobooth with a very cool
style
after that avery took noah to his house
as the two of them chatted avery got a
message that carrie would be home soon
when carrie comes home she is shocked by
nose presence carrie also tells avery
that there is a stalker and they think
noah is the stalker
noah beaten using a tree pop by carrie
after that incident noah suddenly
regained consciousness and he was in his
bed noah went to avery's house and
apologized just as noah wants to
apologize avery screams and is shocked
that the stalker three years ago has
returned
finally noah got beaten again with erden
and in the end noah runs away from there
when noah arrives home he searches for
clues about how he could travel to the
past
when he checked his wallet he saw a
photo from the photo booth
noah immediately rushed to the photo
booth and returned to the past this time
noah invites max to teach him how to
seduce women
max also said be a visible man jerk or
bad boys noah also follows max's advice
in this way it turns out that it really
works and noah gets love from avery
until finally he was able to sleep with
avery and of course the steady ritual
was the first activity noah enjoyed with
avery
when he woke up noah was back in 2017
and he was really a jerk or bad boys and
beside noah there was already avery
sleeping in the same bed with him
long short story when noah wanted to go
home earthen and carrie took avery to
exercise and for fear of avery being
taken back by earthen noah also joined
the sport with them
then he fell while running and he helped
by carry noah tells carrie that he once
be serious with avery and that noah
wants to the man avery wants him
carrie took noah to a cafe and had a
more serious conversation
carrie said that avery wanted a man who
had a future and could make her happy
noah also has an idea to return to the
past noah returns to 2014 and he decides
to work at where max works and asks him
to get noah
during a halloween party noah gets
acquainted with avery again but in a
different way and shows that he has a
bright future and then with the past
that noah has changed he returns to
2017.
there he wakes up at his desk noah
realized that he and avery engaged by
this time noah had become a rich and
successful person avery was already at
noah's mansion and he was very happy
when noah arrived at his office he saw
that his co-workers were not in the
office and the atmosphere seemed very
quiet
suddenly he got a surprise from his boss
and he has now become a deputy director
in the company
after the celebration max wants to have
a private talk with noah
that you stabbed me in the back with
when you stole my promotion
max also tells that noah in the past has
stabbed max in the back and betrayed max
just for a place in max should the
deputy director
max had helped noah to work for this
company but noah betrayed him
max was very angry with noah and broke
his friendship with noah
noah is very stressed because he
betrayed his best friend and he is also
stressed because he has a very busy
schedule as deputy director
then noah came home and saw his
engagement party with avery and he was
late
noah asked kerry where avery was and it
turned out that he was accompanying
earthen in the bathroom because earthen
had vomited
finally noah took earthen home and in
the middle of the trip earthen said that
he loves avery and has expressed his
feelings and he is upset and very sad
noah who had felt what earthen was
feeling now was also sad
this scene is similar to the story that
noah had experienced before he changed
the future
when he got home noah saw carrie eating
and he asked carrie if avery didn't love
him with all her heart
carrie could only stand still and start
telling him that avery just wanted to be
with the right people
noah also realized that all this time
fate had not wanted noah to live with
avery and do good things every day
noah is also aware all this time he had
always met carrie not avery and that was
a hint that all this time knows life was
only for another woman and that woman
was carrie
finally noah returns the time machine to
match earthen and avery he felt it was
the right thing on halloween 2014 noah
came with earthen and he tried to bring
ethan closer to avery
meanwhile noah tries to get close to
carrie noah and carrie also have fun
together and noah takes carrie to the
bar where noah usually takes avery
he starts playing avery's favorite song
but it turns out that it's actually
carrie's favorite
so far avery just followed her they were
all carrie's favorite songs because
avery didn't really like jazz that much
noah wakes up on a sofa at max's house
and noah asks if max and him are still
friends and max says of course we're
still friends
noah asks again where is carrie
where's carrie
her friend max replies that she's back
on his ex-boyfriend noah shocked and
rushed to carrie's house it's true that
carrie has returned to her ex-boyfriend
named phil and noah realizes that he
doesn't need to change his original
destiny
he just needs to move on from avery and
find his soul mate carrie
then noah went to the time machine in
the photo booth that he had used to time
travel
when noah got there the photo booth
turned into a new photo booth noah
stressed and drunk while he drunk in
front of the photo machine avery and
earthen came
they asked noah why he was in front of
the photo machine
even though he had one in the house a
gift from earthen and himself
then noah too came home and found his
old photo booth in his own house and the
money went back in time and he didn't
change anything that happened three
years earlier
things are back to the way they were
before then earthen and avery's
engagement party noah wasn't as drunk as
before and he had completely moved from
avery noah then approached carrie and
tried to get closer to her and finally
he matched with carrie
finally they live happily although noah
has not matched with avery the blue eye
but at least he has a woman who really
loves him namely carrie who is also very
beautiful
the movie ends happily thanks for
watching